
Assign the summary "." to an issue give the issue a summary inherited form the issues it is included in.

If an issues is included in a single issue and the issues have the same summary then changes to summary are inherited.


Stage:
ASSESS - Select what to do with idea
DISCOVER - Do discovery on idea
DESIGN - Create design for idea
DEVELOP - Develop idea
FINALIZE - Finalize idea and make it ready for release
RELEASE - Release idea and start using it
HYPERCARE - Use idea and fix any issus with it
EVALUATE - Evaluate idea
DONE - Done working on idea
WON'T DO - Not planning to work idea.

Status:
NEW - Idea/issue is new. Decide what to do with it. Stage is always select.
MAYBE - It is not decided to move forward with this idea/issue.
LATER - Work on this idea/issue later.
NEXT - Work on this idea/issue next.
DOING - Working on idea/issue.
DONE - Work completed.
WON'T DO - Don't work on this idea/issue.
IS DUPLICATE - Automatically set if issue is linked as duplicate
IS SUPPORT - Automatically set if issue is an idea and issue is a duplicate of an issue that is not an idea
IS IDEA - Automatically set if issue is not and idea and issue is a duplicate of an issit that is an idea

Idea Status:

Ticket Status:
NEED MORE INFO
VERIFY FIX

Alerts:
Child start < parent start - Child start is before parent start
Child due > parent due - Child due is after issue due
Due < start - due date is before start date
Open children - Issue is closed, but not all children are closed
No open children - Issue is open, but all children are closed
Not all children are new - Issue is new, but not all children are new
Parent is closed - Issue is not closed, but parent is closed
Parent is new - Issue is not new, but parent is new
Idea <> delivery - Idea status is different form implementation (feature) status
Blocking - Blocking other issue
Blocked - Blocked by other issue (or waiting for is not empty)
Roadmap is new - Status is not new, but roadmap is new
Status is new - Roadmap is not new, but status is new



Verify Fix -> Assign to reporter
User Story -> Auto create sub-tasks
Create idea from email
Create issue from emial
Update ticket age
when all children are done move parent to done
when status is in progress set start date
when epic is completed close all children
